I choose
I choose him.
See you.
Sooner or later, I will get you out of this company
Get out of here!
Aren't you afraid that he will fire you?
Of course I'm scared
But I'm more afraid of him humiliating you.
Calm down, woman from three years ago
Not humiliated me in the same way
Now that you are married
Should we live together?
I'll be waiting for you tonight, Building 6, Lake Heart Villa.
You dare not
You can't really be taken care of, can you?
Assistants shouldn't be able to afford it.
Wuxin Villa
No, he has gone abroad.
Cheap rent
All right. See you tonight
See you.
Oh, dear.
Want to climb into his bed so soon?
You earn 3,000 a month my little assistant
I don't think you want to keep him
I want him to take care of you
Mr. Shi, this is my personal matter
It should be about you
You don't have to go to the Villa of Hearts tonight
Tonight.
I will help the big boss throw a welcome party
All the leaders in the company will go
But what a pity
I have my period
Unwell
I can't drink that fine Moutai at all
So I can only drink it instead of me?
Mr. Shi, I remember when I applied for the job
My profile is very clear
I am allergic to alcohol
Even if you want to make things difficult for me
You don't have to do it this way
Can't do it, do you mean you can't do it?
Then if you can't do it, hurry up and pack your things
Get me out of the company